hey guys are you doing Desmond Collins
with tips and tricks here we actually I
hear working on our own in 30 and 35
what's going on with it the camshaft
sensor on back warning
actually it's gone out set them to that
you have erratic idle with the car at
times and have occasional stunt where
the car just cut off of course you had
to know myself with the VDC lights and
everything slip likes and everything
I'll pop on with it so what are we doing
here is we're going here replacing that
I've already took it off all the plastic
covers and all that stuff that infinity
and nice on the side to put all over the
cover all she doesn't keep dust off you
can see that right there
but anyhow um just want to show you guys
the noise a lot of people on YouTube
they've been looking for and there is no
video for that so I figure I just make a
quick video to show you guys where
exactly these bomb these sensors are so
you can pop them off the one we're
talking about right now which is on Bank
One um you can get a call from the iPad
this is actually a diagram of the arm
the morning it doesn't matter whether
you're driving a 350z m35 or fx35 all
that the basic same setup with the motor
but anyhow what we're looking at is 20
on the engine control component diagram
which is right here that's what it looks
like on the on the on the diagram this
is where you actually act right here on
the motor this part actually sits up
here for the vacuum lines you're going
to you're going to have to remove this
there's nothing real because it's a
tongue ten millimeter socket I mean on
bolt right there just pull that bolt out
move this over to the tire and remove
the arm vacuum lines you can get there
and the part actually sits right back
here it's dark out here right now so I'm
gonna try to do it with the flash on so
you can get a visual all of it and also
one take re took a photo of it and now I
have that included with the video just
hold for a second I'm gonna see if I can
get a close-up on there when the actual
part is hold on okay guys we're back I'm
going to show you this right here where
you see this green tab at is actually
the plug right there I've already
removed
on the boat out of there now I will tell
you this make note of this you cannot
get back there with a socket and ratchet
set so you're going to have to go out
and get your 10 millimeter wrench like
so I bought this one over price I think
at Advance Auto Parts anyhow the ratchet
piece won't fit on there cos is too
tight of a fit you're going to actually
use this part right here to actually
Palm unbolt it and unseat from out the
motor so once you take the boat out you
can literally just pull it out pop the
socket off pop the other one in and bolt
it back up and you're good to go
that is um Bank one I will be replacing
bank two on here and I will be doing a
video for that as well and you got
anyhow guys want to help you guys out I
hope this works for you rate comment
subscribe as always peace